Robot using an elevator:
1. Find the elevator inside the building.

2. Press the up button near the elevator.
	Up button noted with an up arrow or triangle shape.
	Button is activated when lit up.

3. Wait for elevator to arrive and elevator doors to open.

4. When elevator doors open, enter the elevator.

5. Press the button with the number of the corresponding floor you’re going to.
	The floor you’re going to has been entered by your human master.
	The floor you’re going to is the first number or two in the room number you’re going to. One number if the room number is three numbers long, two numbers if the room number is four numbers long.

6. Stay inside the elevator until you reach the floor you are going to.
	The floor number will be noted by a number seen inside the elevator or said aloud.

7. Once the elevator doors open, exit elevator.

8. Proceed to the room number of your destination.
	Navigation? Building blueprint/map?

Human making coffee:
1. Decide how much coffee you want to drink
	How many people are drinking your coffee?
	Does your wife want some?
2. Measure out corresponding amount of water to the number of cups desired.
3. Pour water into kettle.
4. Turn burner on and place kettle on top.
5. Measure out coffee beans.
	One tablespoon for every 4oz of coffee desired.
6. Put measured out coffee beans into coffee bean grinder.

7. Grind coffee beans.

8. Place coffee filter in pour over device.

9. Put new coffee ground into coffee filter in the pour over device.

10. Wait until the water is hot
	Steam will come from the top of the kettle once the water is hot enough.

11. Pour hot water over coffee grounds.
	Do not over fill.

12. Pour all water from the kettle over the coffee grounds.
	With breaks in between pouring so you don’t overflow the pour over device or coffee filter.

13. Wait until coffee stops dripping from the pour over device.

14. Discard used coffee filter with used coffee grounds inside into the garbage can.

15. Pour coffee into coffee mug.
	Pour coffee into more than one mug if more than just you wants coffee.

16. Add desired cream and/or sugar to coffee(s)

17. Stir if cream and/or sugar are added.

18. Drink coffee.